---
title: "10-04-2023 Stasis"
---

*a period or state of inactivity or equilibrium*

The website will be taken down. I just don't feel comfortable having one anymore. 

As a result of my departure from the town, I will be announcing the release of **obsidiannotes-v.4** shortly. Unfortunately, this version will actually be mostly a downgrade of the previous one. Excluding bug fixes, I plan to pull back on most of the "open-source" features of the website.

Currently, I'm struggling to figure out whether I should change the license for the repo, but that would go against Jzhao's MIT license. In fact, now I'm contemplating whether I should even have a website. I feel like my values more align with Pranav at this moment. Information is available, but at my own discretion. 

Not all is bad. Alongside some minor fixes, **obsidiannotes-v.4** will be released *alongside* a new, great project of mine. One that's top secret, but will (hopefully) be revolutionary.

Now this is the important bit. I am considering making a new town, separate from the current town, with its own goals and rules outlined from the start. A place where people are free to distribute their notes in a safe environment, but most importantly, **have full rights to their work which they can retract at any time.**

> [!Warning] Chyme
> 
> This cannot be done by simply adding water to the sulfur trioxide; the reaction is so uncontrollable that it creates a fog of sulfuric acid.
> $H_{2}SO_{4(l)}+SO_{3(g)}\rightarrow H_{2}S_{2}O_{7(l)}$

*a well rested ed*
